add upgrade information in README (#24)
juicedata/juicefs-csi-driver: README.md

Additional steps could be required on some provider, e.g. Aliyun Container Service Kubernetes. See [Troubleshooting#AttachVolume.Attach failed](docs/DEVELOP.md#attachvolumeattach-failed) for details.

## Upgrade

We have two components to upgrade:

* CSI Driver
* JuiceFS client in CSI Driver

### Upgrade CSI Driver

1. Stop all pods using this driver.
2. Upgrade driver:

> 	* If you're using `latest` tag, simple run `kubectl apply -f` like [installation](#installation).

Reviewer: This command seems incomplete?

Besides, if there is nothing changed in `k8s.yaml`, no upgrade will be triggered IIUC. Try something like `kubectl rollout --restart...`?

Author: updated

> 	* If you're using `latest` tag, simple run `kubectl rollout restart -f k8s.yaml` like [installation](#installation), and make sure juicefs-csi-controller and juicefs-csi-node restarted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	* If you're using `latest` tag, simple run `kubectl rollout restart -f k8s.yaml` and make sure juicefs-csi-controller and juicefs-csi-node pods are restarted.
```
